so the way that the way that I set the tone as a leader within the platoons
or divisions and even departments that I've led is one as kind
of Ah is very open and fluid. I enjoyed a have, you know, face to face
conversations with individuals. My door's always left open. Anyone
that works with me understands that they can come in and talk to
me at any time, and we'll hash it out. If for some reason I can't really
give them land divided attention at that moment, we'll set up another
time to do that. But then when we do talk, it's very candid.
I like to try and break down that hierarchy structure where, you know,
maybe they see me as their leader chief, and they might just be the
E three. I like to get very personal because that way the individual
feels like they can open up more as opposed to trying to be a little
stifled because they see this or you know, the chief from your
lurking over them. And that's not necessarily the best wayto kind of
open up that dialogue, and then when you open up that dialogue and
you begin to understand what makes these people tick, then you can kind
of help develop and guide their path and career into the direction
that it needs to be with with their buying.